# POST WEEKEND UPDATE

1. AboutCode had its own "round table conference", much like the Council of Elrond. Below are the Recommendations of the
Round-Table.

2. We are now fairly certain that we are being trolled (One of us has said that we are being "trolled pretty massively", 
but that is a minority opinion) on reddit.

(-) The nature of some of the comments (to paraphrase one of them - "you cannot find loopholes in a book using optimization", 
"you are not communicating well", et cetera) do not seem to be from a place of constructive criticism. It is fairly clear
that these people are trolling our posts.

(-) There is no reason to believe that the trolling won't continue as long as the discussion is only on reddit. In fact, given
that we have said negative things about Trump, Putin, certain professors at Berkeley, America's role in the post World
War II world, et cetera, there's reason to believe that /u/AboutCode will be trolled as long as it is around.

(-) The only alternative option, then, is to expand the space of discussion beyond reddit.

3. We are, of course, fairly certain that there is a plot-hole. What's baffling is why there continues to be a 
committed opposition to this idea - other than the fact that everybody is doing 10 minutes of reading on Quora,
and calling themselves Masters of the subject at hand. This needs to stop.

4. Our first instinct was to abandon this discussion entirely. However, in view of the fact that there are other ideas
we want to discuss, we are going to give people who are still interested a chance to tell us what -their- remaining counter-
-arguments are. In fact, the other ideas we want to discuss are far more important - example: how to stop the government
shutdown, et cetera.

5. We will upload some code to the src directory in a few days. Download the code and run it. (We will have instructions
on how to run the code. Most likely, it will just be some python code, and so you will just need to download 
Python for Windows, Mac or whatever other platform you are using.) 

6. Run the code in the /src directory (not yet created) and then we will talk about next steps.

ADDITIONAL NOTE:

(1) We were going to send out this post after the weekend, but because our reddit posts have gotten trolled and people are only
seeing the post-trolled reddit posts, we are sending out this Post-Weekend a day ahead of time.

==+==

WHAT WILL FOLLOW WILL BE A SERIES OF NOTES -- KIND OF LIKE BLOG POSTS --> THIS IS JUST FOR ABOUTCODE TO TRACK ITS OWN STATUS, BUT
THIS IS ALSO OTHER PEOPLE CAN ALSO SEE WHAT HAS BEEN GOING ON WITH THIS DISCUSSION

((Note#0) Date: January 26, 2019) ::=>

AboutCode has had its own "round table conference", much like the Council of Elrond, over the weekend. Above are 
the Recommendations of the Round-Table. We were trolled pretty massively on the reddit forums to which we posted 
the information on the plothole.

((Note#1) Date: January 27, 2019) ::=> This discussion has been nothing less than exhausting. It would be far better to just 
discuss this with friends and really talk about this offline. Still, we don't want to give up our own little Quest to verify 
this plothole. We have already got some code written up - much of it is based on other people's code. 
We will continue to work on our code. Some commenters have been helpful and have provided excellent feedback. 

Our current plan is that we will point specific helpful commenters to specific parts of this GitHub repository so that we can 
have a reasonable conversation -- without getting side tracked by all the trolling. Here's hoping it will work.

((Note#2) Date: January 28, 2019) ::=> Here's a poem, dear Friends, for us to mark the beginning of this new journey.

(From "The Fellowship of the Ring", page 46)

The Road goes ever on and on,
Down from the door where it began.
Now far ahead the Road has gone,
And I must follow, if I can,
Pursuing it with eager feet,
Until it joins some larger way
Where many paths and errands meet.
And whither then? I cannot say.


==+==

Keep good cheer!
